Well, today we invited
two young people to join us in our studio.
This is Logan, and this is Aiden.
Thank you for coming.
Thanks for inviting us.
What did you think of that video?
I liked it
and that it showed a lot of families
doing stuff that involves Jehovah.
Good.
The one thing I noticed was
that they were all in a relaxed setting.
It was not like in a busy city.
They were at, like, the shore
where they were talking about the Bible,
and it was nice family time
that they were having.
Good observations, Fellas.
Now, three times in the chorus it said:
‘We need to set time aside
for the most important things.’
Then it mentioned three important things.
What were they?
Prayer.
Study.
Godly—
—devotion.
That’s it, very good.
Good things for all of us to remember,
wouldn’t you say?
Well now, my wife and I
are in the same congregation
with Logan and Aiden
and their families.
So I know
what excellent meeting attenders they are.
And what I really appreciate
is that you participate in the meetings
and you comment in your own words.
That’s very good and sets a nice example.
Keep it up.
Speaking of the meetings,
how do you like the midweek meetings
with all the videos that we see?
It gives a diversity.
It’s not always talks.
It gives, like, a break in the meeting.
Yes.
The videos are always great,
and they go with every talk
that the videos are for.
And you know, sometimes
we even show Caleb and Sophia videos
from the Become Jehovah’s Friend series.
Now, I’ve got to ask you,
Do you have an idea for a new Caleb video?
I think I have one.
Caleb is at school;
he gets asked to go
to a birthday party at someone’s house.
He goes home and shows his parents the card,
and they discuss what he should do about it,
and then he preaches at school.
But before he does that,
Sophia gives him a couple of pointers
on preaching at school and on boldness.
Good.
How about you Aiden,
do you have an idea?
Yes, I think a good idea would be:
A new kid comes to Caleb’s class,
and it is his birthday,
and he passes out the treats.
But Caleb says, “No, thank you.”
And then he bullies him
that he doesn’t get to have fun;
he doesn’t get treats at school.
And I think
he should discuss it with the family,
and then maybe he could tell the boy
why he doesn’t celebrate birthdays.
Very nice.
Well, I’m sure the Teaching Committee
of the Governing Body
will give some thought
to your recommendations.
We brought you to the studio
because we want you
to help me with a little experiment.
And this is an experiment
that some of our viewers have seen before.
And you’ve probably seen it, too,
because it’s mentioned in Volume 2
of the book Questions Young People Ask
—Answers That Work.
And the idea is to help us appreciate
how we can make time
for “the more important things.”
Now, let me explain
what we have on the table.
The two pails represent
one week in a Christian’s life.
The large rocks represent
the most important things
that we need
to accomplish during the week,
and all these little pebbles
represent the nonessential things of life
—recreation, playing games, playing sports,
going on the Internet,
working with social media,
our hobbies, taking music lessons.
They’re all fun things to do,
but, really, they’re not essential.
Now, our challenge is
to try to get all the big rocks
into the pail with the little pebbles.
So as I hand you each rock, Logan,
I want you to put it in the pail.
Now, this first one represents
the important things
that your father might have to do.
He works to support the family.
Maybe your mother
is a pioneer or has to work secularly.
Your mothers certainly have a lot of work
to do around the home caring for the family.
And you boys go to school
and have homework to do,
so that’s a big part
of your time, isn’t it?
Now, this rock represents
all the chores that everyone
in the family has to do at home:
cleaning, washing clothes, cooking,
caring for the yard,
the automobile, and so on.
That takes a lot of time.
This rock represents a third of your life
—sleeping.
Now, here are the most important things
—our spiritual activities.
For instance, when we read the Bible
and meditate on what we read
and when we do
personal study and family worship.
This one represents
all the time it takes for us
to prepare for, dress for, travel to,
and attend our congregation meetings
—midweek and on the weekend.
And this represents the time we spend
in the field service on the weekend.
Now, I didn’t tell you
that we can’t go above the top of the pail.
They don’t fit, do they?
No.
OK.
And when that happens in a person’s life,
some brothers and sisters
are tempted to decide:
‘Well, maybe I’ll skip
field service this week,’
or ‘Maybe I’ll stay home
from the meetings,’
or ‘Maybe I just won’t get
my Bible reading
and studying and family worship
done this week.’
But that’s a big mistake, isn’t it?
These are the most important things of life
—our spiritual activities.
So is there some way that we can get
all of this into our week’s schedule?
Here’s what we’re going to do now.
We’re going to put
the rocks in the empty pail.
So, Logan,
see if you can get them all in there.
Very good! They all fit.
Isn’t that nice?
We can get the more important things done.
But you know, we also want
a little time for recreation, don’t we?
So, Aiden,
let’s have you pour
the little pebbles into that bucket
and see how much
of that you can get in there.
You can put a lot more in.
Very good!
Look how much you got in there!
Now, you didn’t get them all in,
did you?
But that’s OK because the Bible tells us
we have to ‘buy out the time’
for the more important things.
So, no, we can’t spend all the time
that we may want to on recreation.
We want to get
the more important things done.
So, what have we learned
from this little demonstration?
Why weren’t we able to get
the big rocks in the pail the first time?
Aiden?
Because there was too much recreation.
That’s right.
Now, Logan, why were we able to get
all the rocks in the second time?
Because we put in the nonessential things
—like watching TV, playing video games—
in second.
We put that in last, didn’t we?
Good.
So that teaches us:
Put the more important things first.
And it all depends
on what we fill our pail up with,
or our life with, first.
Thank you very much for your help.
I appreciate that.
And keep up your good work
as Kingdom publishers,
and I’ll see you at the Kingdom Hall
at the next meeting.